chore: add documentation for the createResizedImageResponse (#738)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/api-reference/front-commerce-core/create-resized-image-response.mdx

---
title: "createResizedImageResponse"
sidebar_position: 2
description:
  "The createResizedImageResponse allows to create custom loaders which allow
  resizing and caching images on the fly."
---

> The `createResizedImageResponse` allows to create custom loaders which allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `createResizedImageResponse` allows to create [resource routes](https://remix.run/docs/en/1.19.3/guides/resource-routes) which allow
```

resizing and caching images on the fly.

## Usage

The `createResizedImageResponse` function has 3 parameters:

- `request`:The request to handle.
- `fetchRemoteImage`: A function that returns the image buffer.
- `cacheConfig`: The optional
  [cache configuration](https://gitlab.blackswift.cloud/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/blob/fdcbea5288ca66b12e4c839653bcbe033114a3e9/packages/core/resized-image/createResizedImageResponse.ts#L17-22)
  which handles the caching of an image

This can be used to serve images either from a remote service, or from a local
file system, next we will see examples for both cases.

### Remote image

For this example, we will create a
[splat route](https://remix.run/docs/en/1.19.3/file-conventions/route-files-v2#splat-routes)
that will fetch an image from a remote service.

To do so, we will introduce the `createResizedImageResponse` function.

> ```ts title="/app/routes/media.prismic.$.ts"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ts title="/app/routes/media.picsum.$.ts"
```

**thought:** we could at some point start a `3.x` directory under the examples repository with these example routes

Author: Yea that is the idea.
